The web page that we will be creating will be a page that compiles movie reviews from different websites as well as giving original movie reviews.
The reason behind a website like this is to be able to provide enough information to consumers about a movie before they go out and see it.
Movie tickets are expensive and most subscriptions are also starting to become more expensive. With the introduction of streaming services
like Disney +, what used to be powerhouses in the streaming world, like Netflix and Hulu, will lose a large portion of their content. And in
order to find out if purchasing a subscription or movie ticket is right for you, you need information. This website aims to be a one stop shop for all your movie information needs.
Each movie will get its own page with reviews from different websites like IGN, Rotten Tomatoes, IMDB, and flixster.
Pages will also include embedded video reviews from youtube among other video platforms , and podcasts that review movie like Now Playing, and Collider movie talk.
Users will have the option to subscribe to certain creators or websites so their pages will look different for each user depending on their options.
HTML will be used in order to give the website a user friendly layout, which is also appealing to the eyes. Cookies will keep track of the
movie pages they have visited as well as the genre and actors in the movies in order to be able to make recommendations later on about what movies to watch.
Another feature we would like to implement would a feature that shows you where to find the movies. For example, if the movie is in theaters it will give you
showtimes for the nearest theater or if the movie is online it will show you which subscriptions have it or where you can rent it. The MySQL database will
keep all user information and use it to give a positive experience to visitors. Overall the aim of the website will be to provide a place where consumers
can go and get information in order to make an educated purchase. While there are websites that have reviews and such they only tend to show their own
reviews, however we believe it is important to have multiple points of view on the movie in order to make a good decision. 
